README.md, before:

Code for `CheXaid: Deep Learning Assistance for Physician Diagnosis of Tuberculosis using Chest X-Rays in Patients with HIV`.

This is a deep learning model developed by Stanford Machine Learning Group (stanfordmlgroup.github.io) to help physicians detect Tuberculosis (TB) among patients with HIV infection using their Chest X-Rays. 

In order to train the model, the train data directory and other hyperparameters can be set in `util/hypersearch.py`. This includes information about the pretrained model to use for transfer learning (checkpoint paths, number of original classes), data args (task sequence, number of the fold to train and validate on for k-fold cross validation, image transformations), model args (model to be used, list of covariates, loss function), optimizer args and logger args. More details about these can be found in `args/`.


After properly setting them, the training script can be run as:

```
python train.py
```

Alternatively, hyperparameters and file settings can be set by adding arguments to the training command:

```
python train.py \
       --batch_size=64 \
       --eval_pulm=True \
       --num_epochs=10
```

In order to test a model that has been trained as above, the test script can be run as:

```
python test.py \
       --eval_pulm=True \
       --transform_classifier=False \
       --save_cams=True \
       --task_sequence=pulm \
       --ckpt_path=ckpts/new_gt_1549918027265_4CF892/iter_6656_pulm-valid_pulm_tbAUROC_0.79.pth.tar \
       --split=test
```

Note that `split=True` is necessary to run the script on the test data, and `save_cams=True` makes sure that the class activation maps of the model on the test data are saved.

Commit message:

Readme update to include dummy data info

README.md, after:

Code for `CheXaid: Deep Learning Assistance for Physician Diagnosis of Tuberculosis using Chest X-Rays in Patients with HIV`.

This is a deep learning model developed by Stanford Machine Learning Group (stanfordmlgroup.github.io) to help physicians detect Tuberculosis (TB) among patients with HIV infection using their Chest X-Rays. 

In order to train the model, the train data directory and other hyperparameters can be set in `util/hypersearch.py`. By default, the training data directory is set to be `dummy/`, which has 128 randomly generated images. The `util/hypersearch.py` script includes information about the pretrained model to use for transfer learning (checkpoint paths, number of original classes), data args (task sequence, number of the fold to train and validate on for k-fold cross validation, image transformations), model args (model to be used, list of covariates, loss function), optimizer args and logger args. More details about these can be found in `args/`.


After properly setting them, the training script can be run as:

```
python train.py
```

Alternatively, hyperparameters and file settings can be set by adding arguments to the training command:

```
python train.py \
       --batch_size=64 \
       --eval_pulm=True \
       --num_epochs=10
```

In order to test a model that has been trained as above, the test script can be run as:

```
python test.py \
       --eval_pulm=True \
       --transform_classifier=False \
       --save_cams=True \
       --task_sequence=pulm \
       --ckpt_path=ckpts/new_gt_1549918027265_4CF892/iter_6656_pulm-valid_pulm_tbAUROC_0.79.pth.tar \
       --split=test
```

Note that `split=True` is necessary to run the script on the test data, and `save_cams=True` makes sure that the class activation maps of the model on the test data are saved.
